what you will do if you get high CPU utilization?
there are multiple reasons behind the high utilization
which are >
blocking, deadlocking
incorrect indexes
indexes
fragmentation
statistics are not updated
temp_db issues
disk IO
wait type
incorrect Confurigation of max dop
missing indexes
wrong execution plan
These are some reasons behind the high CPU utilization. we can find out only the last 256 minutes of data which is recorded high CPU utilization.
and I can segregate this problem into two parts first is the current issue and the second is history related issue. if I get a high CPU utilization
issue for the current situation then first I will find who is responsible for high cup utilization Executing one DMV which I have. if the SQL server
is not responsible for the high CPU utilization then I will escalate this issue to the server team or the responsible person. And if the SQL server 
is responsible for the high CPU utilization then I will execute select * from sys. Sysprocecces, where the session is greater than 50 and status is
not sleeping and ordered by CPU. This will show us which SPId is taking high CPU resources then I will put that spID into the sp _who2 and dbcc input 
buffer () this will show us who is responsible and what exactly happens in that session. Then I will find the execution plan for that SPId. Once I get
the execution plan then I will analyze that execution plan and make a report and I will send it to the concerned person. And I will take proper action 
on that if I get approval from the manager. 
And if the issue is about the history related then I'll check the last 256 minutes data and in that data, I will check where the CPU goes high and
I will take that time and put that particular time into the query which I have. This query will show us SPId which is responsible for high CPU utilization 
for that time and then I will find the execution plan for that SPId. Once I get the execution plan I will analyze that plan and will take proper action on 
that issue.  And if I don't get a proper solution there then I will go to check which database is responsible Once I came to know which database is responsible
then I will find which query in that database is taking high CPU resources. Even I don't get a solution there then I will check to 20 queries that take high CPU 
resources on the server level. Once I get a query I will find the execution plan I will analyze it and will make a report on it also I will take proper action on 
that issue if I get approval from the authorized person. 
